ock itop oh my god that guy was the
worst customer ever I'm sorry I put ice
in your beverage on a 90 degrees update
okay I'm sorry I just keep talking about
work I'm just frustrated you know I want
to do what I came here to do hey I'm not
exactly a famous musician yet yeah y'all
right oh my god look it's an accordion
I've always wanted to learn how to play
oh how cool would it be to have a lead
singer of a band is an adorable female
who also plays the accordion I guess
it's not what are you doing just to
paint the town red with my face you know
perhaps I've had chats stranga this act
encouraged are you know that's awesome
oh we know that was me uh this guy came
into the coffee shop today and he put
this up I guess it's a musical a new
musical i was thinking i might even
audition oh that's so weird you're not
an actor okay but I'm a singer so i
might just sing you know i'll just go
she's anyway you're welcome for that
entry this uh this is awesome yeah I
could totally before us you can pull off
a blonde for us you are not a smart man
blue hi honey yep awesome okay just take
this and fill it out and have your
headshot ready and we'll call you when
already okay okay thanks great yeah
thanks good i'm sorry i don't i don't
mean to but uh shirt seriously what you
know sharp like I just shard it in my
pants no idea what you mean okay well
short is where you go to fart but you
accidentally in your pants a little
bit kind of sounds like it's the acronym
that makes your company sound like it's
a wet fart just s heart whoo yeah so
that's how you pronounce that okay go in
there and sit down and we'll call you
when we feel like it okay yep in there
all right here Oh get me
my stuff's it's okay hi sorry i kiss me
yeah I need my space
can't sit here nice i thought it was
called sure to hold is a shark that's a
shark pretty sure to spell out shirt
smells get it on that crazy let me where
actors we're all a little crazy right
I'm Ted Calley let's meet you thank you
what party going up for uh-oh forests oh
nice order lieutenant dan although i
think that guy's got it covered local is
our star yes it's it is over you i'll
probably just get ensemble usually how
that goes hey Clarissa huh Melissa Joan
shart you're up thank you okay okay i
guess i gotta go yeah that's me are you
doing anything tonight or anything oh um
no why do you want to go grab a drink or
something after yeah yeah yes yeah i can
to help me grow all right please put
your things on the table okay now i want
you to say the words mama always told me
life is like a box of chocolates sure
mama always told me wife was like a box
of chocolates that is all anything i can
take that one more time no no that is
all did you want did you wanna hear my
song no no no okay um you may you may go
all right
thank you you're welcome s heart hey
haha hey undershirt winter is coming I
eat your audition thank Sabrina the
Teenage Witch what Melissa Joan shark
your additions up hey Shari McFly get
back in time hi fun employees I'm Ted
hope you enjoyed it so the one season
three get ready because it's just the
first of many we've got a lot in store
for all these characters it's going to
be a lot of fun to see it all unfold if
you haven't already hit like subscribe
tell your friends leave a comment we'd
love to hear what you think about the
show next time we're gonna see the
aftermath of my audition we're gonna see
what happens if Kelly and I actually do
go out for that drink we're going to
hear from the other characters as well
if you haven't already check out our
Facebook page for updates go to
funemployed series calm and stay tuned
for more funemployed
you're out oh go get up all right good
go audition I'll talk to later don't
talk to him ever